# packages in environment at /export/scratch1/poulami/miniconda3/envs/impl-filters:
#
# Name                    Version                   Build  Channel
_libgcc_mutex             0.1                 conda_forge    conda-forge
_openmp_mutex             4.5                       0_gnu    conda-forge
astra-toolbox             1.9.0.dev10         np115py36_0    astra-toolbox/label/dev
attrs                     19.3.0                     py_0    conda-forge
backcall                  0.1.0                    py36_0    anaconda
bleach                    3.1.1                      py_0    conda-forge
bzip2                     1.0.8                h516909a_2    conda-forge
ca-certificates           2020.12.5            ha878542_0    conda-forge
cached-property           1.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
cairo                     1.16.0            hfb77d84_1002    conda-forge
certifi                   2020.12.5        py36h5fab9bb_1    conda-forge
cftime                    1.1.3            py36h785e9b2_0    conda-forge
cloudpickle               1.3.0                      py_0    conda-forge
cudatoolkit               10.0.130                      0  
curl                      7.69.1               h33f0ec9_0    conda-forge
cycler                    0.10.0                     py_2    conda-forge
cytoolz                   0.10.1           py36h516909a_0    conda-forge
dask-core                 2.12.0                     py_0    conda-forge
dbus                      1.13.6               he372182_0    conda-forge
decorator                 4.4.2                      py_0    anaconda
defusedxml                0.6.0                      py_0    conda-forge
dxchange                  0.1.5                   py_1001    conda-forge
dxfile                    0.5                        py_1    conda-forge
edffile                   5.0.0           pyh24bf2e0_1000    conda-forge
entrypoints               0.3             py36h9f0ad1d_1001    conda-forge
expat                     2.2.9                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
ffmpeg                    4.1.3                h167e202_0    conda-forge
foam_ct_phantom           1.1.2            py36h8c4c3a4_0    conda-forge
fontconfig                2.13.1            h86ecdb6_1001    conda-forge
freetype                  2.10.0               he983fc9_1    conda-forge
future                    0.18.2           py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
gettext                   0.19.8.1          hc5be6a0_1002    conda-forge
giflib                    5.2.1                h516909a_2    conda-forge
glib                      2.58.3          py36hd3ed26a_1003    conda-forge
gmp                       6.2.0                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
gnutls                    3.6.5             hd3a4fd2_1002    conda-forge
graphite2                 1.3.13            hf484d3e_1000    conda-forge
gst-plugins-base          1.14.5               h0935bb2_2    conda-forge
gstreamer                 1.14.5               h36ae1b5_2    conda-forge
h5py                      2.10.0          nompi_py36h513d04c_102    conda-forge
harfbuzz                  2.4.0                h9f30f68_3    conda-forge
hdf4                      4.2.13            hf30be14_1003    conda-forge
hdf5                      1.10.5          nompi_h3c11f04_1104    conda-forge
icu                       64.2                 he1b5a44_1    conda-forge
imagecodecs-lite          2019.12.3        py36h516909a_0    conda-forge
imageio                   2.8.0                      py_0    conda-forge
importlib-metadata        1.5.0            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
importlib_metadata        1.5.0                         1    conda-forge
intel-openmp              2019.4                      243  
ipykernel                 5.1.4            py36h5ca1d4c_0    conda-forge
ipympl                    0.5.3                      py_0    conda-forge
ipython                   7.13.0           py36h5ca1d4c_0    anaconda
ipython_genutils          0.2.0                    py36_0    anaconda
ipywidgets                7.5.1                      py_0    conda-forge
jasper                    1.900.1           h07fcdf6_1006    conda-forge
jedi                      0.16.0                   py36_0    anaconda
jinja2                    2.11.1                     py_0    conda-forge
jpeg                      9c                h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
json5                     0.9.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jsonschema                3.2.0            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
jupyter_client            6.0.0                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyter_core              4.6.3            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
jupyterlab                2.0.1                      py_0    conda-forge
jupyterlab_server         1.0.7                      py_0    conda-forge
kiwisolver                1.1.0            py36hdb11119_1    conda-forge
krb5                      1.17.1               h2fd8d38_0    conda-forge
lame                      3.100             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
lcms2                     2.11                 h396b838_0    anaconda
ld_impl_linux-64          2.33.1               h53a641e_8    conda-forge
libastra                  1.9.0.dev10          h28bbb66_0    astra-toolbox/label/dev
libblas                   3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libcblas                  3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libclang                  9.0.1           default_hde54327_0    conda-forge
libcurl                   7.69.1               hf7181ac_0    conda-forge
libedit                   3.1.20170329      hf8c457e_1001    conda-forge
libffi                    3.2.1             he1b5a44_1006    conda-forge
libgcc-ng                 9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libgfortran-ng            7.3.0                hdf63c60_5    conda-forge
libgomp                   9.2.0                h24d8f2e_2    conda-forge
libiconv                  1.15              h516909a_1005    conda-forge
liblapack                 3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
liblapacke                3.8.0               14_openblas    conda-forge
libllvm8                  8.0.1                hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
libllvm9                  9.0.1                hc9558a2_0    conda-forge
libnetcdf                 4.7.4           nompi_h9f9fd6a_101    conda-forge
libopenblas               0.3.7                h5ec1e0e_6    conda-forge
libopencv                 4.2.0                    py37_2    conda-forge
libpng                    1.6.37               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
libsodium                 1.0.17               h516909a_0    conda-forge
libssh2                   1.9.0                hab1572f_2    conda-forge
libstdcxx-ng              9.2.0                hdf63c60_2    conda-forge
libtiff                   4.1.0                hc3755c2_3    conda-forge
libuuid                   2.32.1            h14c3975_1000    conda-forge
libuv                     1.34.0               h516909a_0    conda-forge
libwebp                   1.0.2                h56121f0_5    conda-forge
libxcb                    1.13              h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
libxkbcommon              0.10.0               he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
libxml2                   2.9.10               hee79883_0    conda-forge
llvm-meta                 7.0.0                         0    conda-forge
llvmlite                  0.31.0           py36hfa65bc7_1    conda-forge
lz4-c                     1.8.3             he1b5a44_1001    conda-forge
markupsafe                1.1.1            py36h8c4c3a4_1    conda-forge
matplotlib                3.2.0                         1    conda-forge
matplotlib-base           3.2.0            py36h250f245_1    conda-forge
mistune                   0.8.4           py36h516909a_1000    conda-forge
mkl                       2019.4                      243  
mkl-service               2.3.0            py36h516909a_0    conda-forge
mkl_fft                   1.1.0            py36hc1659b7_1    conda-forge
mrcfile                   1.2.0              pyhd3deb0d_0    conda-forge
nbconvert                 5.6.1                    py36_0    conda-forge
nbformat                  5.0.4                      py_0    conda-forge
ncurses                   6.1               hf484d3e_1002    conda-forge
netcdf4                   1.5.3           nompi_py36h90ce072_103    conda-forge
nettle                    3.4.1             h1bed415_1002    conda-forge
networkx                  2.4                        py_1    conda-forge
nodejs                    13.10.1              hf5d1a2b_0    conda-forge
notebook                  6.0.3                    py36_0    conda-forge
nspr                      4.25                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
nss                       3.47                 he751ad9_0    conda-forge
numba                     0.48.0           py36hb3f55d8_0    conda-forge
numexpr                   2.7.1            py36hb3f55d8_0    conda-forge
numpy                     1.15.4          py36h8b7e671_1002    conda-forge
odl                       0.7.0                    py36_0    odlgroup
olefile                   0.46                       py_0    conda-forge
opencv                    4.1.1            py36h0cc45ee_2    conda-forge
openh264                  1.8.0             hdbcaa40_1000    conda-forge
openmp                    7.0.0                h2d50403_0    conda-forge
openssl                   1.1.1i               h27cfd23_0  
packaging                 20.1                       py_0    conda-forge
pandas                    1.0.3            py36h0573a6f_0    anaconda
pandoc                    2.9.2                         0    conda-forge
pandocfilters             1.4.2                      py_1    conda-forge
parso                     0.6.1                      py_0    anaconda
pathlib2                  2.3.5            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
pcre                      8.44                 he1b5a44_0    conda-forge
pexpect                   4.8.0                    py36_0    anaconda
pickleshare               0.7.5                    py36_0    anaconda
pillow                    7.2.0            py36hb39fc2d_0    anaconda
pip                       20.0.2                     py_2    conda-forge
pixman                    0.38.0            h516909a_1003    conda-forge
prometheus_client         0.7.1                      py_0    conda-forge
prompt_toolkit            3.0.3                      py_0    anaconda
psutil                    5.7.0            py36h8c4c3a4_1    conda-forge
pthread-stubs             0.4               h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
ptyprocess                0.6.0                    py36_0    anaconda
pygments                  2.5.2                      py_0    anaconda
pyparsing                 2.4.6                      py_0    conda-forge
pyqt                      5.12.3           py36hcca6a23_1    conda-forge
pyqt5-sip                 4.19.18                  pypi_0    pypi
pyqtwebengine             5.12.1                   pypi_0    pypi
pyrsistent                0.15.7           py36h8c4c3a4_1    conda-forge
python                    3.6.10          h9d8adfe_1009_cpython    conda-forge
python-dateutil           2.8.1                      py_0    conda-forge
python_abi                3.6                     1_cp36m    conda-forge
pytz                      2020.1                     py_0    anaconda
pywavelets                1.1.1            py36hc1659b7_0    conda-forge
pyzmq                     19.0.0           py36h9947dbf_1    conda-forge
qt                        5.12.5               hd8c4c69_1    conda-forge
readline                  8.0                  hf8c457e_0    conda-forge
scikit-image              0.16.2           py36hb3f55d8_0    conda-forge
scipy                     1.4.1            py36h921218d_0    conda-forge
seaborn                   0.10.1                     py_0    anaconda
send2trash                1.5.0                      py_0    conda-forge
setuptools                46.0.0           py36h9f0ad1d_2    conda-forge
six                       1.14.0                   py36_0    anaconda
spefile                   1.6                        py_1    conda-forge
sqlite                    3.30.1               hcee41ef_0    conda-forge
terminado                 0.8.3            py36h9f0ad1d_1    conda-forge
testpath                  0.4.4                      py_0    conda-forge
tifffile                  2020.2.16                  py_0    conda-forge
tk                        8.6.10               hed695b0_0    conda-forge
tomophantom               1.4                 np115py36_0    ccpi
tomopy                    1.7.0           py36h78ef33b_100    conda-forge
toolz                     0.10.0                     py_0    conda-forge
tornado                   6.0.4            py36h8c4c3a4_1    conda-forge
tqdm                      4.46.0             pyh9f0ad1d_0    conda-forge
traitlets                 4.3.3                    py36_0    anaconda
wcwidth                   0.1.8                      py_0    anaconda
webencodings              0.5.1                      py_1    conda-forge
wheel                     0.34.2                     py_1    conda-forge
widgetsnbextension        3.5.1                    py36_0    conda-forge
x264                      1!152.20180806       h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xdesign                   0.5.4                      py_1    conda-forge
xorg-kbproto              1.0.7             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-libice               1.0.10               h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libsm                1.2.3             h84519dc_1000    conda-forge
xorg-libx11               1.6.9                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxau               1.0.9                h14c3975_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxdmcp             1.1.3                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxext              1.3.4                h516909a_0    conda-forge
xorg-libxrender           0.9.10            h516909a_1002    conda-forge
xorg-renderproto          0.11.1            h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xextproto            7.3.0             h14c3975_1002    conda-forge
xorg-xproto               7.0.31            h14c3975_1007    conda-forge
xz                        5.2.4             h14c3975_1001    conda-forge
zeromq                    4.3.2                he1b5a44_2    conda-forge
zipp                      3.1.0                      py_0    conda-forge
zlib                      1.2.11            h516909a_1006    conda-forge
zstd                      1.4.4                h3b9ef0a_1    conda-forge
